README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: Update API routes and remove deprecated proplytics endpoints

README.md, after:

# Bonzai - Real Estate Investment Management

**Project Name:** Bonzai  
**Project Location:** `/Users/stu/Documents/Bonzai Real Estate App/Active Project/Bonzai-React`  
**Package Name:** `bonzai-app`  
**Status:** Active Development

## ⚠️ IMPORTANT - THIS IS THE ACTIVE PROJECT

This is the **Bonzai** project. The old "Proplytics" project has been renamed and rebranded to Bonzai.

- **DO NOT** use the old project location: `/Users/stu/Documents/Proplytics/Active Project/Proplytics-React`
- **ALWAYS** work from this directory: `/Users/stu/Documents/Bonzai Real Estate App/Active Project/Bonzai-React`
- **All development** should happen in this location

## Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view the application.

## Project Structure

- `/src/app` - Next.js app router pages
- `/src/components` - React components
- `/src/lib` - Utility libraries
- `/src/context` - React contexts
- `/migrations` - Database migrations

## Notes

- The `proplytics-app/` subdirectory is a legacy/backup copy and should not be used for active development
- All API routes use "bonzai" naming (e.g., `/api/bonzai-test`)
- Database tables may still reference `proplytics_test` - this is acceptable for now but should be migrated eventually
